on the most as a writer who is my court TV but I will one allied the two
the that so far right a captive XO all that we can live all three
systems for combat systems also for for the division also level rely
on chief petty officer division for being senior at all sure yeah
issue the command those are so people either directly or live on but
also on so as there is new low for real and certainly the department
head reporter James okay yeah that one also I would always be in touch
with the fries with the supply officer this is this is also a feature
he gets the parts that you need to do your mission that is a
cash wrap and answer Castro well the sponsors signing off on that guy's
trip as so I always got to know the supply also Michael